[Docs] Add intro and quickstart docs (#859)
mui/mui-toolpad: docs/README.md

_DO NOT USE NPM, use Yarn to install the dependencies._

> You can open [documentation here](http://localhost:3003/toolpad/getting-started/introduction/)

Reviewer: "http://localhost:3003"

```suggestion
You can open [documentation here](https://mui.com/toolpad/getting-started/introduction/)
```
